The Prison
version 1.9.1


Overview
--------
The Prison is a Breakout-style game featuring a wide assortment of
power-ups, special bricks, and other oddities.

For the uninitiated, the object of the game is to destroy bricks by
bouncing a ball (or in this case, a little man trapped in a ball) into
them, while keeping the ball from falling off the bottom of the screen.

One of the (relatively) unique points in The Prison's gameplay is that
you don't need to hit every brick to complete a level; instead you just
need to hit the top border a few times.


Free Software
-------------
The Prison is free software as described by the GNU General Public
License.  See license.txt for details.

Source is available at www.mobilegamelab.com.


Requirements
------------
2-bit grayscale:  OS 3.0
8-bit color:  OS 3.5 (and hardware capable of displaying color...)


Controls
--------
By default, the controls are set up as follows:

To Do List   - move right
Memo Pad     - move right (fast)
Address Book - move left
Date Book    - move left (fast)
Up           - release the ball/guy
Down         - pause

The game will also respond to pen input, by moving the paddle to where ever
you tap.


Settings
--------
The settings menu is accessible from the title screen or by the in-game
menu.  The controls for sound volume and the keys should be fairly
self-explanatory.  As for the rest:

Difficulty - Controls the speed of the ball in-game, as well as the
    scoring.  Nightmare difficulty also adds gravity.  The setting only
    takes effect when starting a new game.

Pen Control - Determines how the game responds to pen taps in the display
    area (but not Graffiti).

Autosave - If checked, any games in progress are saved when you exit the
    program and restored the next time the program is run.

Date High Scores - If checked, the default name for high scores has the
    current date appended to it, if there is enough space for both the
    name and the date.

Background - If checked, a background picture is tiled behind the bricks.
    (Color devices only)

Compatibility Mode - If checked, API calls are used to draw the game's
    graphics, instead of faster assembly routines.  Generally, you should
    leave this off unless there are graphical errors.
    (This option is not present on hi-res and non-68k devices)

Graffiti Control - If checked, the game will respond to pen input in the
    Graffiti area, by moving the paddle.  (Not present if the game can't
    figure out where the Graffiti area is, and even if it can, it probably
    won't be in exactly the right place)


Contact the Author
------------------
The Prison was created by Aaron Curtis
(with the exception of the background graphics, which are public domain).

Email comments, suggestions, bug reports, etc. to:
aaron@mobilegamelab.com

Or visit the home page:
www.mobilegamelab.com