Pris-Ed - The Prison Editor


About
-----
Pris-Ed is a Windows-based tool for creating add-on boards for
The Prison, a Breakout-style game for devices running PalmOS.

Boards created using this version of Pris-Ed require version 1.6
or higher of The Prison.


Free Software
-------------
Pris-Ed is free software as described by the GNU General Public
License.  See license.txt for details.

Source is available at www.mobilegamelab.com.


Usage
-----
Essentially, Pris-Ed works like a paint program.  Left-clicking
on the main window places the currently selected brick, and right-
clicking erases.  To the right of the main window is a color
palette and a brick palette.  Clicking on a color changes the
bricks that are available, although some of the bricks are
color-independent.

In the brick palette, the top magnet is attractive and the bottom
one is repulsive.  This can be confusing since they aren't
animated like in the game.

!About teleport bricks!  For these to work properly, there
must be at least two and at most five per board.


Menu Commands
-------------
File
----
The Open, Save, and Save As commands work with files in .pbd
(Prison BoarD) format; you need to use the Export command to
create a Palm Database (.pdb) that the game can read.

Pris-Ed can not read from .pdb files, so be sure to save your
boards in the native format before exporting them.

New is used to create a new board /set/; to add new boards to
an existing set, use the insert commands in the Board menu.

Board
-----
Next/Prev - Go to the next or previous board in the current set.
  Pris-Ed will automatically start on the last board in a set.

Insert Before/After - Create a new board and place it before
  or after the current one.

Delete - Remove the current board.

Insert File Before/After - Import boards from another file and
  place them before or after the current board.

Flags - Display the bonus flags dialog.  Checked power-ups will
  appear on the current board during the game.  The settings carry
  over when creating new boards.

Zoom
----
This menu controls the size of Pris-Ed's windows.  It has no
effect on the game itself.

Help
----
About - Display contact information.


Contact the Author
------------------
If (or rather when...) you have comments, suggestions, or bug
reports regarding Pris-Ed, please do not hesitate to send them to:

Aaron Curtis
aaron@mobilegamelab.com

Or visit the home page:
www.mobilegamelab.com